README.md, before:

# ddb-proxy

This proxy allows for communication with DDB for use integrating content into Foundry VTT.

It provides the following backend functionality for [ddb-importer](https://github.com/MrPrimate/ddb-importer)

* Characters
* Spells
* Items
* Monsters


## Setup

This proxy is updated to work with the latest version of DDB Importer as quickly as possible.

Run this as a [nodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) app the standard way.

Install:

```
yarn install
```

Run:

```
node index.js
```

You can also run this as a docker image, for details see [Docker instructions](docker/README.md)

It _must_ be proxied behind a service providing an SSL/TLS encryption if you are not running on your local machine. I would recommend [Caddy](https://caddyserver.com/).

If using DDB Importer v3.1.26 or higher you can enable the custom proxy and change the endpoint address in the settings menu.

If using an earlier version, in Foundry's developer console or the web browser's developer console (depending on how you're hosting Foundry) run the following commands:

```javascript
game.settings.set("ddb-importer", "custom-proxy", true);
game.settings.set("ddb-importer", "api-endpoint", "YOUR_URL_HERE");
```

e.g. running locally

```javascript
game.settings.set("ddb-importer", "custom-proxy", true);
game.settings.set("ddb-importer", "api-endpoint", "http://localhost:3000");
```

To revert to MrPrimate's proxy:
```javascript
game.settings.set("ddb-importer", "api-endpoint", "https://proxy.ddb.mrprimate.co.uk");
game.settings.set("ddb-importer", "custom-proxy", false);
```

## How can I see if the server is running?

Visit `YOUR_URL_HERE/ping` e.g. `https://myddbproxy.example.com/ping`

## Why is x feature missing

This is a cut down, MVP implementation of the proxy, it is meant for individual use and does not implement caching. It should not be run as a service for others.

It does not include and features in development.


## Support

No support is provided for this software.

Commit message:

Add forward slash endpoint warning

README.md, after:

# ddb-proxy

This proxy allows for communication with DDB for use integrating content into Foundry VTT.

It provides the following backend functionality for [ddb-importer](https://github.com/MrPrimate/ddb-importer)

* Characters
* Spells
* Items
* Monsters


## Setup

This proxy is updated to work with the latest version of DDB Importer as quickly as possible.

Run this as a [nodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) app the standard way.

Install:

```
yarn install
```

Run:

```
node index.js
```

You can also run this as a docker image, for details see [Docker instructions](docker/README.md)

It _must_ be proxied behind a service providing an SSL/TLS encryption if you are not running on your local machine. I would recommend [Caddy](https://caddyserver.com/).

If using DDB Importer v3.1.26 or higher you can enable the custom proxy and change the endpoint address in the settings menu.
> Note: the endpoint address should not have a forward slash at the end. For example: http://example.com:3000 rather than http://exampole.com:3000/

If using an earlier version, in Foundry's developer console or the web browser's developer console (depending on how you're hosting Foundry) run the following commands:

```javascript
game.settings.set("ddb-importer", "custom-proxy", true);
game.settings.set("ddb-importer", "api-endpoint", "YOUR_URL_HERE");
```

e.g. running locally

```javascript
game.settings.set("ddb-importer", "custom-proxy", true);
game.settings.set("ddb-importer", "api-endpoint", "http://localhost:3000");
```

To revert to MrPrimate's proxy:
```javascript
game.settings.set("ddb-importer", "api-endpoint", "https://proxy.ddb.mrprimate.co.uk");
game.settings.set("ddb-importer", "custom-proxy", false);
```

## How can I see if the server is running?

Visit `YOUR_URL_HERE/ping` e.g. `https://myddbproxy.example.com/ping`

## Why is x feature missing

This is a cut down, MVP implementation of the proxy, it is meant for individual use and does not implement caching. It should not be run as a service for others.

It does not include and features in development.


## Support

No support is provided for this software.
